---
layout: page
title: Context
permalink: context/
---

My name is Rob Phoenix. I was born just before the 1980's. I used to be an [artist](http://rm-phoenix.co.uk/), working in retail/hospitality/care/youth work/education to support myself. Then, a few years back I fell in love and started a family. I made a *'life decision'*, decided not to be a teacher, and towards the end of 2014 completed an MSc in Computer Networking and got my CCNA. This was an interesting time in networking, still is, and talk of Network Automation and Software-Defined were rife.  So I started to learn Python, because I was shit-scared I wasn't going to get a job and wanted to arm myself with as many skills as possible.  Luckily, through some perseverance, luck and kindness from others, straight outta college I started working for a large UK VAR as an Alpha/Beta Testing Lab Engineer. Very quickly I became the *'Scripting Guy'*, something that unnerved me at first, but that I have now taken and am trying to run with.  My time these days is spent mostly developing in Django, Python, HTML, CSS & JavaScript/jQuery, fiddling about with VMware and Cisco virtual and physical machines, tentatively exploring PostgreSQL, vagrant Up-ing, git commit-ing, banging my head against my Linux laptop, and asking my son to say 'Please'. I *frickin'* love it, all of it.

This blog is an open space for me to explore and share knowledge and experience and will hopefully make me document more. I have a huge knowledge gap, don't judge me because I don't get it yet, I will, but I'm going to probably be running around in the dark for a while before I find the light switch, asking [dumb questions](https://twitter.com/frazelledazzell/status/629075389394976769) on [S0](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/8318911/why-does-html-think-chucknorris-is-a-color). I'm all about constructive criticism and learning from others so please feel free to tear into what I write here and tell me what I'm doing wrong. I want to be better.

btw **BORDELTABENCALE** wtf? When I met my wife we started living together in a small caravan.  Due to it's temporary and shabby nature we took to referring to it as the *Bordel/Tabernacle*.  We still have the caravan but no longer live in it.  I've always quite liked the contrasting nature of the name, each part a counterpoint to the other, describing a place where the contradictions of life happen. Like I said, I used to be an artist.


Knowledge Through Failure
-------------------------
*"It is not the critic who counts; nor the one who points out how the strong person stumbled, or where the doer of a deed could have done better.  The credit belongs to the person who is actually in the arena; whose face is marred by dust and sweat and blood, who strives valiantly; who errs and comes short again and again, because there is no effort without error and shortcoming; who does actually strive to do deeds; who knows the great enthusiasms, the great devotion, spends oneself in a worthy cause; who at the best knows in the end the triumph of high achievement; and who at worst, if he or she fails, at least fails while daring greatly.  Far better it is to dare mighty things, to win glorious triumphs even though checkered by failure, than to rank with those timid spirits who neither enjoy nor suffer much because they live in the gray twilight that knows neither victory nor defeat."*
**Theodore Roosevelt**
